

Job title: Full-Stack Developer

Company name: Dynamic Solution Innovations

Job Type: Full-time

Gender: Male

Vacancy: 0-3 years

Description:
Pridesys IT is looking for a proactive and passionate full-stack web developer (Software Engineer & Sr. Software Engineer) with a good manner, who can work on developing front + back end Web application and has a solid understanding of the software development life cycle from planning to development, testing, release, and post-sale services. We look for candidates who will also be responsible for the operational and strategic management of the business.
The candidates are expected to participate in the decision-making process and contribute to growing the business.
Develop customized solutions in Java and PHP platforms and meet project objectives, client requirements, and company goals.
Communicate with project managers, and other developers to design cohesive project strategies and ensure effective collaboration throughout all phases of development, testing, and deployment. • Contribute to all phases of the development lifecycle • Write well designed, testable, efficient code and accompanying documentation where needed • Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good practices and habits. • Show a helping attitude to teammates and take initiative to solve their problem. Bachelor of Science (BSc) in CSE, Bachelor of Science (BSc) in CS • or CIS or Diploma from any reputed public or private university/institute. Experience Requirements • 2 to 6 year(s) • The applicants should have experience in the following area(s): Angular, PHP or JAVA, SQL Additional Requirements • Both males and females are allowed to apply • At least 2+ years proven experience with Angular 6+ • Programming Languages Skills: TypeScript, JavaScript, Angular, RxJS, NgRx, SASS/LESS. • Software and Technology Skills: REST API, JSON, XML • Experience with leading projects through all phases of a software development lifecycle. • Should have a good understanding of PHP/JAVA frameworks (Like Laravel, Spring Boot) will be added value • Knowledge of object-oriented design including design pattern • Familiarity with relational and NoSQL database • Proficient in using code versioning tools, such as Git, SVN.
Good working experience in HTML5, Bootstrap 4, CSS3, JavaScript, TypeScript and XML.
Experience on TDD and Docker will be an extra advantage.


Salary: Negotiable

Job Responsibilities:
Develop web-based software and apps using Symfony/PHP/Django/Python/Node.js.
Develop APIs, web apps, and backend code.
Work with designers to implement their designs in code.
Collaborate with team members to determine requirements and identify solutions.
Collaborate with team members on technical design of the product.
Develop test plans and execute tests to ensure quality code meets business requirements.
Report bugs or potential issues identified during testing to the appropriate stakeholders.
Provide mentoring and guidance to junior developers on the team.
Establish coding guidelines for the team (e.g., code formatting) - Maintain code quality by following best practices in Symfony, PHP, Django, Python, Node.js, etc.
Participate in code reviews to provide feedback on other developer’s work.

Experience: 0-2 years

Other Benefits:
Attractive Salary, Work from home, Yearly Salary Review, Weekly two Holidays, Two Festival Bonus

Job Location: Gulshan, Dhaka

Deadline: 15 August, 2021

